README.md, before:

# FinTracker - Expense Tracker App

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

FinTracker is a Flutter application that helps you track your expenses and manage category budgets. It provides a user-friendly interface to enter and categorize your expenses, giving you insights into your spending habits and helping you stay within your budget.

![FinTracker Screenshot](screenshots/fintracker_screenshot.jpg)


## Download

You can download FinTracker from the Google Play Store:

[![Google Play Store](https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-Play%20Store-brightgreen.svg)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=me.nafish.fintracker)

## Features

- Track and record your expenses conveniently.
- Categorize your expenses into different categories.
- Set monthly budgets for each category and monitor your spending.
- View detailed expense reports and statistics.
- Easily search and filter your expenses.
- Export expense data for further analysis.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/nafishahmeddev/fintracker.git
```

2. Change to the project directory:

```bash
cd fintracker
```

3. Install dependencies:

```bash
flutter pub get
```

4. Run the app:

```bash
flutter run
```

## Usage

- Upon launching the app, you will be presented with the home screen.
- Click on the "+" button to add a new expense.
- Enter the expense details, including the amount, category, and description.
- Click "Save" to add the expense.
- Navigate to the "Categories" tab to manage your expense categories and budgets.
- Set monthly budgets for each category by clicking on the category and entering the desired amount.

## Roadmap
Check out our detailed [roadmap](https://github.com/nafishahmeddev/fintracker/blob/master/roadmap.md) for planned features and updates!

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more information.

## Acknowledgements

- This app was built using the Flutter framework. Learn more about Flutter at [flutter.dev](https://flutter.dev).
- The design and inspiration for this app came from various expense tracker apps available in the market.
- Special thanks to the open-source community for their valuable contributions.

## Contact

For any questions or inquiries, please email us at [hello@nafish.me](mailto:hello@nafish.me).

Commit message:

Add Vercel configuration with --no-tree-shake-icons flag

README.md, after:

# FinTracker - Expense Tracker App

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

FinTracker is a Flutter application that helps you track your expenses and manage category budgets. It provides a user-friendly interface to enter and categorize your expenses, giving you insights into your spending habits and helping you stay within your budget.

![FinTracker Screenshot](screenshots/fintracker_screenshot.jpg)

## Download

You can download FinTracker from the Google Play Store:

[![Google Play Store](https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-Play%20Store-brightgreen.svg)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=me.nafish.fintracker)

## Features

- Track and record your expenses conveniently.
- Categorize your expenses into different categories.
- Set monthly budgets for each category and monitor your spending.
- View detailed expense reports and statistics.
- Easily search and filter your expenses.
- Export expense data for further analysis.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/nafishahmeddev/fintracker.git
```

2. Change to the project directory:

```bash
cd fintracker
```

3. Install dependencies:

```bash
flutter pub get
```

4. Run the app:

```bash
flutter run
```

## Web Deployment

To build the app for web deployment, use:

```bash
flutter build web --release --no-tree-shake-icons
```

Or use the provided build scripts:

- **Linux/Mac**: `./build-web.sh`
- **Windows**: `build-web.bat`

> **Note**: The `--no-tree-shake-icons` flag is required because this app uses dynamic IconData loaded from the database.

### Deployment Platform Configuration

If you're using a deployment platform (Vercel, Netlify, Render, etc.), configure the build command as:

```
flutter build web --release --no-tree-shake-icons
```

And set the publish directory to:

```
build/web
```

## Usage

- Upon launching the app, you will be presented with the home screen.
- Click on the "+" button to add a new expense.
- Enter the expense details, including the amount, category, and description.
- Click "Save" to add the expense.
- Navigate to the "Categories" tab to manage your expense categories and budgets.
- Set monthly budgets for each category by clicking on the category and entering the desired amount.

## Roadmap

Check out our detailed [roadmap](https://github.com/nafishahmeddev/fintracker/blob/master/roadmap.md) for planned features and updates!

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more information.

## Acknowledgements

- This app was built using the Flutter framework. Learn more about Flutter at [flutter.dev](https://flutter.dev).
- The design and inspiration for this app came from various expense tracker apps available in the market.
- Special thanks to the open-source community for their valuable contributions.

## Contact

For any questions or inquiries, please email us at [hello@nafish.me](mailto:hello@nafish.me).
